Bug 1948628: Add aws subcommand to ccoctl and additional UX changes (#321)
openshift/cloud-credential-operator: docs/ccoctl.md

Then you can use `ccoctl` to process each CredentialsRequest object in the `./credrequests` directory (from the example above)

```bash
$ ccoctl aws create-iam-roles --name=<name> --region=<aws-region> --credentials-requests-dir=<path-to-directory-with-list-of-credentials-requests> --identity-provider-arn=<arn-of-identity-provider-created-in-previous-step>
```

This will create one IAM Role for each CredentialsRequest with a trust policy tied to the provided Identity Provider, and a permissions policy as defined in each CredentialsRequest object from the OpenShift release image.

It will also populate the `<output-dir>/manifests` directory with Secret files for each CredentialsRequest that was processed. These can be provided to the installer so that the appropriate Secrets are available for each in-cluster component needing to make cloud API calls.

### Creating all the required resources together

To create all the above mentioned resources in one go, run

```bash
$ oc adm release extract --credentials-requests --cloud=aws --to=./credrequests quay.io/path/to/openshift-release:version
```

> Then you can use `ccoctl` to process each CredentialsRequest object in the `./credrequests` directory (from the example above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can use `ccoctl` to process all CredentialsRequest objects in the `./credrequests` directory (from the example above)
```

Nit: each made me think I need to run the command once per CredRequest.
